Bethany.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let's check our audio can't quite hear you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yet. Oh.
Bethany Shadid: I didn't hit the button was blowing my nose. Sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Take your time. I'm gonna pull up a note here. It's just coming out of group.
Bethany Shadid: Okay, running a couple minutes left. Did
Gwenevere Abriel: I make you wait this whole time. No.
Bethany Shadid: I just checked it.
Bethany Shadid: And I told Jamie to let Krista and Neha know that I can talk today.
Bethany Shadid: Because we still haven't been able to get in touch.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh you do when you're trying to figure out, like a payment plan type of thing, or what. Yeah, something like that.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah. Okay, so I know we've been talking about getting that all sorted, but I haven't been able to talk to them yet so
Gwenevere Abriel: So I will tell you I have, let me just see if she's here today.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I have this slack program where I can send a message. I don't know who the Nia person is, but I can certainly send it to Jamie, I think she's there.
Gwenevere Abriel: I could invite a conversation if that would expedite things for you. Just tell me what to write
Bethany Shadid: Oh, well I just told Jamie. She said she'd send Krista message.
Bethany Shadid: To get in touch with me today.
Bethany Shadid: So, okay, yeah, I'm saying
Bethany Shadid: Oh, do you mind if I get something real quick.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go for it.
Bethany Shadid: bottle of water.
Bethany Shadid: Who
Bethany Shadid: Guess what I found out this week.
Gwenevere Abriel: How many
Bethany Shadid: That circling
Bethany Shadid: The generic for so long that I've been taking forever.
Bethany Shadid: One of the wonderful side effects is migraines.
Bethany Shadid: And nobody ever talked to me about that I've just been getting imitrex forever.
Bethany Shadid: And it's been horrible this month.
Bethany Shadid: Because I haven't done birth control. And so I guess circling
Bethany Shadid: Effects that and that's why you get the migraines. So now, because I haven't had the birth control. It's made it. Well, it's just been lots of fun.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what are you thinking about that medicine. Do you want to, when you get connected with a provider. What do you want to do.
Hmm.
Bethany Shadid: I like it.
Bethany Shadid: I've tried other ones and had a
Bethany Shadid: Pretty severe allergic reaction.
Bethany Shadid: To like
Bethany Shadid: The Wellbutrin and Abilify so I don't mind.
Bethany Shadid: It's not as bad when I have the birth control, so hopefully I can get that shortly.
Gwenevere Abriel: So when you think about the medical status. Um, I know you've been working hard at it. What's the, what's the barrier is it can't get ahold of physician is it
Gwenevere Abriel: Timing scheduling can't reach the person I need what what's preventing you from I remember the hiccup with a psychiatrist piece. I remember that was just a pretty bad referral, it just didn't work.
Gwenevere Abriel: But what about specifically hey I need a psychiatrist, an independent contractor, a small group.
Bethany Shadid: Right. Well, I had a doctor appointment. This last Monday with my primary
Bethany Shadid: And I shared
Bethany Shadid: With her that I the referral. She put in didn't work.
Bethany Shadid: Then, and they sent me to a place where they don't manage the medication most
Bethany Shadid: She's like, Oh, I know. I was like, you know, I'm just having a really hard time getting access right to the people that I need to get, like, oh, I know she's just like, it's horrible across the board. Just get your name on the list and they'll get to you. Eventually, and it was like
Bethany Shadid: Okay, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I know
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me just ask you
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, if I'm calling the number on the back of the card under behavioral health and I say I need three names of psychiatrists
Gwenevere Abriel: names and numbers that are accepting new clients. Does your insurance company call and check for you. Do they email you a list. How does it go because that's what I would be doing
Right.
Bethany Shadid: I hadn't done that because I haven't gotten my new card for the year yet, but I can have my old card, which I know I can call you know use that number and and I guess I can do that. I
Bethany Shadid: Honestly, truly.
Bethany Shadid: Put it on the back burner because my Medicaid. I'm getting my medication right circling
Bethany Shadid: That she finally approved my PCP. I see. So it got put lower on the priority list with everything in, but
Bethany Shadid: That's a really good idea. And I don't think about doing that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so there we've got that that could be useful. It's just sort of this proactive. I'll just call myself. I'll get these names and numbers.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll start, you know, a minimum of three or four names numbers call call I'll see if they're accepting new clients.
Bethany Shadid: Right, because I'm used to the way that it goes like my PCP, just put in a new way for me to see gastroenterology
Bethany Shadid: For
Bethany Shadid: The liver swelling stuff, even though you know I told her.
Bethany Shadid: I think it's connected to this genetic thing with the kidney stone. She's like, well, Jay handles all that. So she put her referral and they literally called me on my way out of the door to make the appointment so
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, it's
Bethany Shadid: I'm used to them.
Bethany Shadid: Doing that and I think that's part of the reason I
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, I was waiting for her and didn't think I was get that answer. But yeah, I can call I can do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Melanie
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do a few things that you have done that have felt
Gwenevere Abriel: Pleasant relaxing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nourishing rewarding.
Gwenevere Abriel: replenishing refueling the self care.
Bethany Shadid: Like this past week.
Uh huh.
Bethany Shadid: I went to church.
Bethany Shadid: When Saturday evening.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. What was that like
Bethany Shadid: It was great.
Bethany Shadid: And I really needed to hear a message and
Bethany Shadid: It was about
Bethany Shadid: Being led and it really tied into what we're doing know having that
Bethany Shadid: You know, visual imagery, the Trinity.
Bethany Shadid: Wisdom nurture, nurture.
Bethany Shadid: And really
Bethany Shadid: following them.
Bethany Shadid: Calling
Bethany Shadid: About your heart, you know,
Bethany Shadid: And I've been so lost as to what to do about my job and
Bethany Shadid: It's a lot easier for me, the sounds awful. But it's a lot easier to put up with the craziness at work.
Bethany Shadid: And continue getting the check and then it is to
Bethany Shadid: Think about
Bethany Shadid: Looking for a job and having to learn all that over again and everything.
Bethany Shadid: I think I had gotten complacent. You know, this week was really tough but
Bethany Shadid: You know the weekend comes around and I'm like okay and then I'm okay until Monday when I think about going back
Bethany Shadid: But hearing the message.
Bethany Shadid: Really got me thinking that I'm you know i i took this job because it was the one that became available right away and
Bethany Shadid: I needed to get my parents house.
Bethany Shadid: Yes. And I did that. And now I'm here.
Bethany Shadid: I really do need to ask myself, those questions like, is this really what I want to be doing is this really what I want to be investing in
Bethany Shadid: Is this good for me and
Bethany Shadid: I think it's clear that it's not
Bethany Shadid: I
Bethany Shadid: I really struggle with that decision, but I had a friend.
Bethany Shadid: From my first nursing job back in the day.
Bethany Shadid: Great Christian friend who's very supportive.
Bethany Shadid: We just haven't kept in touch. But she reached out to me and told me that
Bethany Shadid: There are two positions available at her job.
Bethany Shadid: With his order orthopedic group.
Bethany Shadid: But it would be managing
Bethany Shadid: Specialized pain management patients.
Bethany Shadid: Like, wait. At first I didn't really think about it. But then I thought, Oh, my gosh.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's
Bethany Shadid: So cool. I have so much experience with that.
Bethany Shadid: I would be able to talk to people, frankly about, you know, if it's really that they're having continued pain or if they just can't come off the beds or
Bethany Shadid: You know, it was like, wow, like my own personal situation gives me so much.
Bethany Shadid: Experience.
Bethany Shadid: But
Bethany Shadid: I'm terrified at the same time, it causes so much anxiety, thinking about change. Change is hard for me.
Bethany Shadid: But I'm going to apply.
Bethany Shadid: And
Bethany Shadid: meet up with her for coffee and talk about the position.
Bethany Shadid: It was kind of a godsend because I was just like, Okay, God, like
Bethany Shadid: This isn't good. But I don't know where to go. And I feel overwhelmed by having to look again it would that happen. It just felt so
Bethany Shadid: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not expensive let's let's do some some
Gwenevere Abriel: Shared
Gwenevere Abriel: You've said
Gwenevere Abriel: Letting the Holy Trinity, or however you're thinking about it lead
Gwenevere Abriel: When you are at work. How do you take, I'll let my faith lead I'm enjoying having a check. I'm enjoying it. I'm not living with my parents.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is a temporary thing. It's interesting the wording used earlier said, I don't know if this is what I'm supposed to do what I was expecting you to say was, this isn't where I'm supposed to do, but instead you said this isn't what
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a where the, where changes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Our audience.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. The people in need changes. All you do is just relocate what you do. Well, you just are moving the people you're just doing it over here. So I wonder
Gwenevere Abriel: If maybe you change that this. I don't know if this is the right place for me. See how it sounds more like this. This what I'm doing this, giving this comes naturally this being able to see the unique needs people that that's just going to be now I'm doing it with this group of people
Gwenevere Abriel: He might just not be in the right places all
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, I think that goes into a little bit of something else that I was thinking about, which is
Bethany Shadid: What are my hangups about leaving and I feel
Bethany Shadid: Such a sense of
Bethany Shadid: sadness that I like that. I would be letting down
Bethany Shadid: All these co workers that I've gotten really close to you and I realized that
Bethany Shadid: My job isn't just a job. It's my
Bethany Shadid: It's what I put everything into my friends that I hang out with him in there. It's what I spend my time thinking about what I'm not there. It's
Bethany Shadid: I've turned it into so much more than a job and I do make a difference in the lives of patients and co workers and that's very hard for me to
Bethany Shadid: Walk away from almost like
Bethany Shadid: I feel like if I leave things are going to get back and I haven't obligate you know like it's an obligation to make sure everything's gonna be okay, or they're going to be okay or but patients before I leave, and I can't do that. But
Bethany Shadid: That's obviously I think
Bethany Shadid: On a you know subconscious level why
Bethany Shadid: It's hard for me to actually put action into leaving
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's have split screen. Okay, fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll wait till you blow your nose.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm one one side it's disappointing.
Gwenevere Abriel: People. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: letting people down
Gwenevere Abriel: And over on the other side.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's disappointing myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just sit without a little while. Just
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't rush out it
Gwenevere Abriel: Going back and forth from the screen and one side, it's
Gwenevere Abriel: They need me to be there with it. I need them.
Gwenevere Abriel: To support disappointing them.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want to change where I'm working because I don't want to disappoint. These people pay these patients.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then move to the other side.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not the same.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want to disappoint myself. What's on that side. Tell me about that side. Can you even visualize
Gwenevere Abriel: What that is
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, I could
Bethany Shadid: I did think about that. This Week in or this weekend and
Bethany Shadid: I thought about how I be able to do what I love, which is make a meaningful difference in the lives of my patients.
Bethany Shadid: I would feel, you know, it's something I'm passionate about. I would be in an environment with a friend that
Bethany Shadid: Is
Bethany Shadid: emotionally mature and able to take care of yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: That I might actually have a life.
Bethany Shadid: Outside of work.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's on me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, prevention of disappointing myself it's to flip it to positive and we say
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not taking care of myself at this current workplace, but I could this other one. So it's again it's prioritization of
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe I could spend more time.
Gwenevere Abriel: With my own growth and not disappoint myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: If I were somewhere where there were more emotionally mature people
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, you could see the energy spent taking care of other people.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then could be
Gwenevere Abriel: A few of these people know how to take care of themselves. There's more energy and reserve left for the self.
Bethany Shadid: Right.
End of the day.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know it can be a risky thing because that does mean there's time for your growth. And when you've been busy focusing on other people. There hasn't been a demand.
Gwenevere Abriel: There hasn't been that it's just you're used to exhaustion. You're used to give, give, give, empty tank that's been what you've been doing for a long time and intellectually, you know it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But doing it differently, which means to not be needed. Watch the difference if you're not needed. But what if you were valued.
Gwenevere Abriel: What if you weren't needed if you are valued. What if you were appreciated.
Gwenevere Abriel: Financially
Gwenevere Abriel: What if you were respected at this workplace. What if you almost Heaven forbid you demanded it.
Gwenevere Abriel: As an internally, like you protected your boundaries.
Gwenevere Abriel: What if you were valued.
Fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if your unique unique style of working
Gwenevere Abriel: Was understood
Gwenevere Abriel: And you didn't for go unique style because everyone has their own, you're not the only one.
Gwenevere Abriel: But she honored yours and you just as you started this other job saying it was there but you let that go. Then it was a
Gwenevere Abriel: Bad for not being able to focus my attention or whatever you did with this, but
Gwenevere Abriel: That classroom.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you have been at the one you're getting a check from
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you grateful.
Gwenevere Abriel: For its lessons.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe you haven't learned to me out. But what are you grateful for the lessons that they've offered you opportunities to learn
Bethany Shadid: I've definitely been able to
Bethany Shadid: Tap into a place
Bethany Shadid: inside of me that
Bethany Shadid: I can feel the anger. Now, when somebody
Bethany Shadid: Is
Bethany Shadid: pushing my boundaries or doing something that's not right. I have been able to speak up for myself more than I had not perfectly, but more than I had and
Bethany Shadid: Recently, I've been able to, you know, be assured that
Bethany Shadid: I can trust my gut that I'm doing the right thing.
Bethany Shadid: Even if other people don't see it that way. I
Bethany Shadid: Have been able to
Bethany Shadid: Distance myself.
Bethany Shadid: From them and know that love is not on the line, but
Bethany Shadid: It took me a long time to get here. I
Bethany Shadid: Think another
Bethany Shadid: Big one
Bethany Shadid: Is me recognizing that
Bethany Shadid: These people that I work with.
Bethany Shadid: They're flawed.
Bethany Shadid: And that
Bethany Shadid: Even though they might be in a position of management above me or whatnot, that they
Bethany Shadid: Use tactics that are not professional
Bethany Shadid: To get to me and I used to
Bethany Shadid: Just and I still struggle with it, but I used
Gwenevere Abriel: To second
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: They use unprofessional tactics to get to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, to get to the part I was with yeah bentel to get to, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: No, nothing to do with the Bethany, they are
Gwenevere Abriel: Professional and just leave it.
Gwenevere Abriel: The very approach, the fact that they would leverage your vulnerability. The, the fact that they didn't listen to things you've said in the past or whatever.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's the unprofessionalism the fact that they would benefit enjoy seek to undermine you. That's the unprofessional. But when you say that thing to get to me that's too close it's it's it's as if
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not they're going to do it to someone else. IT IS THEIR PROFESSIONALISM
Gwenevere Abriel: They're making intimate and personal something that needs to just be about a task. It needs to be about performance and need to be, you know, only about content they are unprofessional and just leave it out here, way out here.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're going to continue to be unprofessional long after you've left them.
Bethany Shadid: True.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You let it hurt you.
Bethany Shadid: Dude,
Gwenevere Abriel: And I know I'm challenging you a little bit and I was asking for a list and you're doing a great job. And I want to make sure you're not also skimming over
Gwenevere Abriel: A little bit when you were saying that loves not on the line. Remember how you describe it. I turn this job into more so much more
Bethany Shadid: I guess I should say I let
Bethany Shadid: That
Bethany Shadid: Go with my manager, supervisor.
Bethany Shadid: Okay. Not everybody else but with them because I really don't care what they think.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how long
Gwenevere Abriel: How many days if you have that thought when they giggle and really don't care what they think. How many days because that I don't recognize
Bethany Shadid: Um, yeah, that's been the past like three weeks.
Bethany Shadid: Ever since I started talking to HR about what was going on. Okay. Sadly, I did need a little bit of confirmation from them. But, you know, like it didn't just come from me right away that
Bethany Shadid: If this is wrong and and i know it's wrong, and that's enough. Like, but when somebody else side and said,
Bethany Shadid: This is not okay you know that did help reinforce all of it, but I hate my friend bought me this these funny little notepads called self therapy.
Bethany Shadid: And you check box and funny things that we pass them to each other and
Bethany Shadid: One was, I did one called a paper tantrum.
Bethany Shadid: And wrote down my issue with management and then I put there was a section that asked
Bethany Shadid: Like how do you really feel or something that I wrote down. It's their loss because I was leaving
Gwenevere Abriel: VoiceOver.
Bethany Shadid: And yeah, just
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a different, that's a different position, a sense of identity, then their own professional to get to me.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: It's their loss.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the one we want to reinforce and don't minimize yes you went outside validation. But why don't we you know it's it's you sought solution.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Solution through the appropriate channels.
Gwenevere Abriel: You didn't write keep asking for some validation from someone that has emotional immaturity and can't give it you. You made a complaint, there's something missing here. They're unprofessional. I'm going to go through the chain of command plan. I'm going to make my point. And you did.
Bethany Shadid: You say,
Bethany Shadid: That I feel proud of myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Absolutely. Yeah, absolutely. We've got to do that. We've got to say, Well, listen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Look what you if you do it from here. It's like, well, I want to check. You're there to earn a living.
Gwenevere Abriel: These morons are getting in your way of you, earning a living.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you can either you tried to address it directly to the best of your ability, didn't work, then you went up the chain of command and you went to HR and said, you know, is there any remedy here so that I can continue to earn this check
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe not don't know
Gwenevere Abriel: The original list gratitude. I'm glad I get to feel anger. I have spoken up
Gwenevere Abriel: I can trust my gut you caught it a few times. This is my feeling I feel this something sideways. You went to HR okay you have had moments where you've been able to distance
Gwenevere Abriel: This boss. I don't need their love I need them to tell me what to do, how to do it. Give me evaluations and do it in a respectful professional way.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it. I don't need their love. I don't need their approval. You've been giving that power to them. When really it belongs to someone that deserves your trust.
Gwenevere Abriel: Friends and
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you also said, I don't care what they think.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a big one. That's really big.
Bethany Shadid: They seem so small to me now.
Bethany Shadid: Like, it's a very different perspective.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now you're able to consult with this idea of going and looking elsewhere to a different job that's any. It could be that this one isn't it either.
Bethany Shadid: When you say
Gwenevere Abriel: a godsend. And it's it's these things i don't know that i don't know
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe you'll meet the same child, my guesses, because this is still pretty new, you'll meet the same challenges and you'll be telling me I can't believe I'm doing it again. And I'll say, I can believe it.
Bethany Shadid: Oh, I, I haven't
Bethany Shadid: How would you say, I think that's the part of the scariness do I trade this for more, you know, fun over there, but at the same time, I think in in the position that I'm in now.
Bethany Shadid: It's gotten to the point
Bethany Shadid: That I don't feel safe.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, tear
Bethany Shadid: In my
Bethany Shadid: Life for my license.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, okay. Oh, yeah. Oh, dear. Okay, I hear you.
Bethany Shadid: It's very clear.
Bethany Shadid: And actually when I came into group last week and was a mess.
Bethany Shadid: It was because
Bethany Shadid: I had a meeting with my boss's boss and him that went
Bethany Shadid: It's very clear. I barely see this guy ever and
Bethany Shadid: He had a very formed opinion of me based on what he got from my manager out
Bethany Shadid: And
Bethany Shadid: Was basically like ultimatums oh and
Bethany Shadid: I was told to leave the emotion out of this, you know, they even told me that I i I'm the reason why there's so many serves discontent among employees because when they see me upset.
Bethany Shadid: It spreads negativity. So they told me because I was tearful that I needed to go get myself together before I could come back in to the office.
Gwenevere Abriel: How did you handle that.
Bethany Shadid: Um, I, I would say if I'm being honest. In the beginning, I was trying to defend myself.
Bethany Shadid: And then I realized
Bethany Shadid: They really don't want to know or hear anything. I have to say they're not trying to work this out, they're
Bethany Shadid: Laying out their expectations so that if I don't meet them, you know,
Bethany Shadid: I don't know. But it became clear and so every time.
Bethany Shadid: The higher up guy would tell me
Bethany Shadid: What the expectation was I would agree and I would just point out
Bethany Shadid: Why it hasn't gone that way and
Bethany Shadid: Tried to hold the, you know, my tears in but
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, I just, I wrote it off after like
Bethany Shadid: I knew what it was for. And I knew that.
Bethany Shadid: I didn't take it in personally like I did.
Bethany Shadid: But afterwards.
Bethany Shadid: To co workers came up to me.
Bethany Shadid: And told me that they overheard a conversation between this my manager his boss and HR on the phone because they were in a conference room that
Bethany Shadid: And had her the lady in HR that I've been talking to on speaker.
Bethany Shadid: And so they were being loud and they overheard that conversation. But they said when they got off the phone with her. They kept talking and my one friend, my one coworker was so distraught by it that she told me she's like she was almost in tears, and she told me she's like
Bethany Shadid: I
Bethany Shadid: I love working with you, but she's like, I
Bethany Shadid: I have to tell you honestly that you need to find a different job.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why did you like, what does she mean by that.
Bethany Shadid: She said, I, I overheard you know this. She's like,
Bethany Shadid: I don't even want to tell you what they said because it was so horrible.
Bethany Shadid: But
Bethany Shadid: I want I want you
Bethany Shadid: To
Bethany Shadid: I don't want you to be this situation. She goes, I seen a co worker previously forced out like this.
Bethany Shadid: And I don't want this to happen to you.
Bethany Shadid: And so I, I want you to, you know, be look for another place as much as I don't want to lose you, you know, I want you to be okay. And I said, thank you. And I was a little concerned, you know, I told her I was like, are they taking that was like, I know.
Bethany Shadid: You know, I've been in the past, very upset by the things that they've
Bethany Shadid: Duggar said. I said, But out of self preservation. Does this have anything to do with them taking action against my license and she was like, no, she said, but
Bethany Shadid: They made it very clear that
Bethany Shadid: My counterpart, and everybody are on board with the plan and I'm the one that's causing all the problems. She's like, I just don't want to go into how they said things because I think it would really hurt.
Bethany Shadid: And so I said, well, thank you. And then I had another co worker covered basically
Bethany Shadid: Tell me, she overheard it and that she couldn't believe what she heard and
Bethany Shadid: You know, it was just really shocked by the behavior and
Bethany Shadid: So that's why when I came into work that Monday, the thought of going back or Tuesday walking in after like hearing that I was a real mess. Plus, I had a had a conversation with my dad.
Bethany Shadid: That really threw me off.
Bethany Shadid: And since then, I've been able to
Bethany Shadid: Get my feet back off the ground a little bit, but it was
Bethany Shadid: It was devastating in
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: Okay, I was not a good
Gwenevere Abriel: Little we need to put a little space.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you make out of
Gwenevere Abriel: THOSE UGLY rumors, the ugly talk
Gwenevere Abriel: The fact that people don't appreciate
Your
Gwenevere Abriel: Transparency of your emotional life and your skill you have the ability to share both not everyone does.
Really
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just a skill deficit on their part, you've got challenges and giving away your power and you're working hard with me on that. But just hold on for a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: Devastating
Gwenevere Abriel: Devastating because
Gwenevere Abriel: They filed a complaint against your license.
They have
Gwenevere Abriel: So they can do on the spot that so wait
Gwenevere Abriel: What if
Bethany Shadid: It was bad. It was good.
Gwenevere Abriel: But what if I don't even know what it is but but Bethany, the devastation. I just watched your face hurt. I'm just you feel pain.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is a meaning that you make out of, I'm guessing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Certainly at the workplace. It is the meaning
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's the part that we can have some power renewal. If we understand what meaning you're making out of the ugliness of others. The unprofessional ism of others how you make it
Yeah, you
Gwenevere Abriel: So before we go to dad, I want you to grab it. What's the meaning the I'm gonna I'm gonna say it irrational because it's right. What's the irrational thought I am what what meaning. Did you make out of that ugliness unprofessional.
Bethany Shadid: They're right about me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh for goodness
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That is not and and I'm assuming you're that you are what
Bethany Shadid: Level that I'm
Bethany Shadid: That I can't take direction.
Bethany Shadid: That you know insubordinate that I'm not
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not good enough.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah. Not good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not wait there. I love the but
Gwenevere Abriel: Because boy is where we want to go. So I'm not good enough.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that, watch, watch.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that the devastation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good enough. This is devastating.
Bethany Shadid: I don't know.
Bethany Shadid: No, because I'm not in that place right now but
Gwenevere Abriel: When she did a second ago, as I needed you know you started to tear up
Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: Be honest about if that's what was so devastating or if it was something else.
Bethany Shadid: No, I, I think it. I think that's what it was, I think, to I'd had that from our last session when
Bethany Shadid: We made the connection about that insecurity of I'm not lovable right
Bethany Shadid: How tied in that is and
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, I would say that, yeah, that they're right about me it reinforced that internal insecurity.
Gwenevere Abriel: Me name. It doesn't mean don't take my words, you name it, then what's the insecurity. I was devastated because they're right. I am
Bethany Shadid: Not good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and that's devastating yeah what
Gwenevere Abriel: You're
Gwenevere Abriel: You're taking in the assessment from people that are unprofessional. They don't deserve the credibility. You give away immediately they don't deserve it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to tell you something. Just because someone has a label because they have money and they have authority. You are not diminished and do not give away your self appraisal to them.
Gwenevere Abriel: They don't deserve it there unprofessional.
Gwenevere Abriel: And yes, you can stay there the whole time. We can work these kinks out and you can be a real bad ass over there. Or you could get out and we can do it in much much much smaller increments the same way I wanted you to get out of your house.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we can use it and do it, work it in smaller increments you gave away your power to someone that didn't deserve it. Right.
Bethany Shadid: To be honest with you, I don't think there's ever been a point in my life.
Bethany Shadid: Where I've ever question.
Bethany Shadid: What somebody the position of authority over me.
Bethany Shadid: Or been able to question
Bethany Shadid: Right. Like, I think we always sleep.
Bethany Shadid: Like
Bethany Shadid: But it's never been okie
Gwenevere Abriel: Position I'll respect the position. I'll do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't respect the delivery, the person, all I will
Gwenevere Abriel: All respect the position because it it has the, the ability to can me, things like that. But what you do. You literally you take your emotions. Look what you do if I respect the position look
Gwenevere Abriel: I show up on time they do their stupid little tasks bat bat bat bat bat bat bat, but you don't you do you take what is vulnerable and precious to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You make it vulnerable to their behaviors, these people that didn't earn your trust.
Do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: KEEP YOU HERE until you have tested the water that's all well you make vulnerable to another's actions. That's trust. Did they deserve.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you do is you show the emotion you put it out there, but they don't deserve that they're not trustworthy. You can respect the position.
Gwenevere Abriel: But when you show that underbelly stuff. Give it time see if they're worthy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Those are friends. Those are people were right, a therapist or someone that
Gwenevere Abriel: Can hold that space, most people aren't trained taught interested. They don't want it because they can barely handle their own emotional life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I heard you. I've never questioned someone of authority, but look what you're doing. What are we pull it apart, we say
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi, you're my boss, I gotta answer you. You're the one right number evaluations, you're the one to get to give feedback and. OK, so my paychecks. You're going to kind of, okay, I can respect that I'm not, but I won't
Gwenevere Abriel: Put right that's why that loving the line stuff is. I won't put value that hits the heart. I'm not going to tell you my personal stories, you're not going to get that piece of me until you've earned that privilege.
Gwenevere Abriel: People tell us where the best Bethany, we're not we're we're selfish greedy little people. Sometimes it's not our fault. We've come to this behavior because it works for us. So use discretion.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, I
Bethany Shadid: Mean, that's
Bethany Shadid: Kind of my willing right
Bethany Shadid: Like I I always give people that trust right away.
Bethany Shadid: Even if
Bethany Shadid: I never, you know, I never I'm not a discerning person.
Bethany Shadid: Almost like for me to be discerning would be bad.
Bethany Shadid: If
Gwenevere Abriel: You can't see it. That's, that's the investment and the toxic calm environment you grew up with.
Gwenevere Abriel: You weren't allowed to do that, you're, you're demanded every morsel
Gwenevere Abriel: Of that issue, she demanded it. You couldn't even not smile about something you didn't want to do the emotional space.
Gwenevere Abriel: She there was there was no room for you to differentiate you understand. Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: I've seen that in a big way in the how it's
Bethany Shadid: lingered in my life.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's all, no label on it, you are learning, you were not taught this you're learning it here with
Gwenevere Abriel: Test it out in new environments. It's a skill. It's called individuation there's a reason why this word and measurement exists because it's in psychological text.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's what some families do to their children because an adult doesn't give their child a chance to have her own psychological life her own thoughts, your own feelings you were wrong. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're learning. Now, how to sit. When you say my own gut. I'm like, Okay Google. You're getting better at it. But it's, I think there's still some learning to do pay attention. What do I like oh I this guy on
You pay attention.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now hold on to that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not good enough.
Gwenevere Abriel: Devastating
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm unlovable right in there, not lovable that piece right there. Right there. Right there. Did it happen again that you went to that sponsoring belief with your father and I don't know what the story is. But is it possible that that happened there. Yeah, yeah.
Bethany Shadid: I think it was more so because I had
Bethany Shadid: Gone to my parents out of
Bethany Shadid: Once again, right. So again, I wanted to give them a heads up.
Bethany Shadid: About possibly having me change my job.
Why
Bethany Shadid: Why
Bethany Shadid: Well i right since then definitely realized that I
Bethany Shadid: Don't have the appropriate outlets to talk about those things and so
Bethany Shadid: I'm by the time I see them, you know, even though I know that place.
Bethany Shadid: It comes out and actually I really felt like I was being better about it like
Bethany Shadid: I was telling them about some of the issues at work. But I was really
Bethany Shadid: Confidence in what I was saying.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I
Bethany Shadid: Definitely was over doing the defense of myself, my actions.
Bethany Shadid: About the things going on at work. And my mom's listening. There's something because she's in the medical field.
Bethany Shadid: I can go into some of the things, and she understands it better than my father right but i was going on, you know, I was like, I just want to give you a heads up things at work are really rough kind of
Bethany Shadid: And I may have to change jobs and
Bethany Shadid: Was like, oh no, why, and then I start bringing up some things and
Bethany Shadid: Then at the end of it was like, but you know, I, I've been going into way too much details like I just wanted to give you a heads up.
Bethany Shadid: And my dad had been quiet the entire time.
Bethany Shadid: And then
Bethany Shadid: Out of nowhere.
Bethany Shadid: He says, you know,
Bethany Shadid: You don't talk to us that much. So I don't know. You know what's going on, you've just been really
Bethany Shadid: In a bad i don't know in a bad place. I forget how you said it, but he was like
Bethany Shadid: I knew that there was something wrong. He goes, but I can't help it as
Bethany Shadid: I hear you.
Bethany Shadid: Know, pointing out how they did this wrong and they did that wrong, and the whole time and you're defending your position and you sound quite arrogant.
Bethany Shadid: Now, and
Bethany Shadid: you're unsure of yourself. He goes, but, you know, this was the same way you acted when I got fired from your job in North Carolina.
Bethany Shadid: And I can't help but wonder if is everybody wrong.
Bethany Shadid: Is everybody else wrong and you're the only one that has, has it right. He's like, I mean, I can't tell. He goes, but I'm a little concerned because what it sounds like to me is that you're the victim and everybody else is wrong. And if you're the only one that's right
Bethany Shadid: And
Bethany Shadid: I I lost it and just cried.
Bethany Shadid: And I was trying in my head to
Bethany Shadid: Think of how to deal with it and i and i did i came back. What would you do if I said, Dad, I know that you love me.
Bethany Shadid: You care about me.
Bethany Shadid: That's why you're
Bethany Shadid: Concerned about this.
But
Bethany Shadid: And I think they interrupted. That was like, well good. I'm glad that you know that is that I'm just telling you this because I look
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you didn't get a chance
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so first don't linger linger.
Gwenevere Abriel: Five years ago, two years ago, a year ago, would you have been able to catch
Gwenevere Abriel: Oregon d been to self-reproach I'll never have my own Psychic space. I'll have to always accommodate to these people. I don't have my own preferences. I don't have myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nope, this time you caught it. He did some crying. But guess what you did. Remember, you did something to make that happen. And I'm impressed.
Bethany Shadid: Okay, thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell you something. I don't remember if you remember it while you were speaking highly activated.
Bethany Shadid: So through the
Gwenevere Abriel: Just imagine that had you caught it fractions of a second before if that intensity hadn't gotten quite as high as it had. I bet you would have remembered even more.
Gwenevere Abriel: So stay out stay proud of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm glad you should, because that's all you need. It's that same skill. It's just catching things earlier and earlier and earlier, the more you and I rehearse things, the more you're practicing it with people, the easier it is going to be to remember. Now you got interrupted.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm Dad, what did you want to finish thing to me.
Bethany Shadid: That I just
Bethany Shadid: I can't
Bethany Shadid: I can't explain to you, everything and all the ins and outs, so that you can make a judgment about whether I'm right or wrong. I just wanted your support.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would support feel like
Bethany Shadid: You know, just to say, I'm really sorry. That sounds
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, changing jobs is is hard, especially making that decision that's rough.
Bethany Shadid: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sounds like you know about it almost like you've kind of made up your mind you sound confident that this is this is the right move for you.
Yeah, it's, it's
Bethany Shadid: It's just go back
Bethany Shadid: To six of the past two weeks. I mean, so, but yes, be at work.
Bethany Shadid: You always sick what's going on.
Bethany Shadid: And I said I would have those people that stress.
Bethany Shadid: It manifests very physically
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: And your therapist version of this. Do you want to know your therapist version of what it might sound like. Like, can. Some people right they can hear this. This one's voice in their head. Sometimes
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, it's an extremely
You do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it would be like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Old dad. Oh, I can tell right now, how much you care about you know me, you know, staying on top of my finances and and taking ownership, for my part, at work, and thank you for that. I'm real clear about it. The reason why I brought it up today was just to give you a heads up.
Gwenevere Abriel: To make to include you in my life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Dad, what, what, what are your concerns about mine changing john
Gwenevere Abriel: To remember that question before, where he actually having an emotional reaction. It's about his fear.
Bethany Shadid: But
Gwenevere Abriel: You switch it do, is you stick with content, but you don't, you, you. You have been listening in and and it's amazing how definitely once you get this. It's just picture this like sheer curtain.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you can see your dad through it, but it's filtered through this show this gauze of of linen or something. And over here it's I'm hypothesis topic up
Gwenevere Abriel: My topic you already know your motivations and yes sir motive by our emotions drawn and rickles for whatever but you've already made that up. So yeah, I dad. So the reason I'm bringing in you persevere, but you get distracted.
Gwenevere Abriel: By his assessment of you being overly. As if being self assured was a problem.
Gwenevere Abriel: You with some powerful stuff. Bethany, Eric.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you stay if you can stay here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your content is all you can check in and make sure if he heard the content, but you've got distracted with I bet that word arrogant and that, that one hurt.
Bethany Shadid: Oh,
Bethany Shadid: You know what
Bethany Shadid: I did forget till you said that
Bethany Shadid: He, he did. He was like,
Bethany Shadid: Whatever this happens. He wants to know. He's like you haven't been telling me what's going on, like, I can't solve these problems for you, you know, would would
Bethany Shadid: Well, he doesn't say that. But that's like the way it comes out as I can't manage all of this, if you're not talking to me about all these problems in it. He goes, if you're the one who doesn't want to tell me about your finances. He brought that into it doing did I was able to say, Dad.
Bethany Shadid: I bet I did. I ask you for buddy.
Bethany Shadid: I only came to tell you what's going on.
Bethany Shadid: I said, Whoa, where did I ask for help.
Bethany Shadid: I just wanted to fill up
Bethany Shadid: So I was able to do that but
Bethany Shadid: You're right, I got
Bethany Shadid: I was really thrown
Bethany Shadid: Off my
Gwenevere Abriel: Battle
Gwenevere Abriel: For five minutes after but listen to
Gwenevere Abriel: This. Listen, listen, listen.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what
Gwenevere Abriel: So what if you're arrogant.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any you don't get this. So what in your family of origin, you're not allowed.
Gwenevere Abriel: To focus on you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because it throws off the system where mom is the centerpiece of all in and of itself.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have no chance of being arrogant, you have no chance of that negative term. But in order for you to give yourself permission. So what
Gwenevere Abriel: very arrogant.
Gwenevere Abriel: Guess what, that's that space of I get to be angry, I get to have that pendulum swing and guess what if I was even selfish, you are still amazing
Gwenevere Abriel: And if you don't like the response from the environment when let's say you are arrogant or selfish or whatever it is right that extreme.
Gwenevere Abriel: For you to know in real time. I don't like the effect people to kind of snub me they don't invite me places. Well, okay then you make an adjustment but the fact that you have a right to be arrogant to
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's family of words and conditioning right there.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, big time.
Gwenevere Abriel: A you're not. Number two, what if you were. Hey, are you still look at this one. Yeah, but you still love me if I was ever gonna
Gwenevere Abriel: See it, it is a posture. See that laugh because you're a bad ass right then you're like, yeah, this feels so far. And for me to be arrogant. I hardly even know what to do with it. You see it. I've been working on that.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's funny. It does not have the heat and the meaning that you give it. This will take time does, and you can I say it out loud in these really big ways
Gwenevere Abriel: So that you can see you have a choice. It doesn't feel like it in the moment and I really get that
Gwenevere Abriel: But that breath work before you go to the house before you say I'm going to share my vulnerability with my father, my mother, you better get ready. What is that whenever you're telling me, Oh, she says to breed. I own I
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, wait a minute. Why am I telling them, maybe I wanted to tell them
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, wanting to know. I'm going to tell them to stick with my content. I'm going to breathe and I'm going to redirect it back to my intention. I'll ask them how they feel about it you rehearse it don't go in with nothing. These are skilled professionals you missy.
Bethany Shadid: Okay.
Bethany Shadid: I did something that I have to tell you because I wasn't sure.
Bethany Shadid: I we did it by my mom had a puzzle out over table it when I first got there. I started working on it with them and they just weren't bombarding me with questions and I felt that level of distress.
Bethany Shadid: And I said to them, I said, you know, how about before we get into everything we just take out for a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, what did they do they look up, did they look at you like,
Bethany Shadid: That. Yeah, they were pretty surprised, but they went along with it and it made me feel better, but I don't know. But yeah, that makes me feel good about myself.
Bethany Shadid: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's schedule another time to meet
Bethany Shadid: Yes, next Monday. Okay. Let's see what we got here Monday. Monday. Monday. Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's still your day off these days, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it can it can be wanted to 12
Short. Yeah, okay.
Bethany Shadid: Mark
Gwenevere Abriel: Your next group is when
Bethany Shadid: When
Bethany Shadid: I don't know. Let me find out after I talked to Krista
Gwenevere Abriel: Sounds good, right, I better jump on in here real quick because the scales and waiting for me.
Bethany Shadid: Okay. All right.
Good to you.
JESSICA G: Oh,
JESSICA G: Sorry. Give me one second. I'm just
JESSICA G: space heater for my baby.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'll go open up a note, while you're doing that.
JESSICA G: Just
JESSICA G: Robot, make sure it's closed. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so where are you out. Where are you out as far as like your emotional
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, you've got a lot on your plate, you've been thinking about going out into the workforce again. What does that mean, and
Gwenevere Abriel: My confidence and then some roller coaster ride with bright heart health, and something you mentioned through text about your mom and I kind of want to know more about that. But where are you at what's pressing for you.
JESSICA G: I try to be okay. Like, I try to, like, be happy, you know,
JESSICA G: For the most part, I'm
JESSICA G: I've completely changed my attitude towards my son's dad. Okay. And I guess.
JESSICA G: Oh, sorry. My baby got sick yesterday and so kind of been up
JESSICA G: But, um,
JESSICA G: I guess it's it's more impactful to me because it's more immediate like it's more right here, my face, the whole thing with my son's death.
JESSICA G: Okay.
And let's spend time with that.
JESSICA G: Um,
JESSICA G: I've just really changed my attitude towards him. Like, I'm just
JESSICA G: I just stopped.
JESSICA G: expecting him to do anything. I stopped.
JESSICA G: waiting for him to change. I just stopped. I stopped. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a big difference, isn't it.
Yeah.
JESSICA G: Yeah, but now he's like all
JESSICA G: I guess you noticed the change. And he's like,
JESSICA G: kissing my ass know for lack of better words.
Gwenevere Abriel: I get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well okay so
Gwenevere Abriel: What you wrote
Gwenevere Abriel: Was help with the baby I'm being able to to help around the house right to be helpful to kind of pay attention.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is he contributing in that way.
JESSICA G: I'm
JESSICA G: Not so much.
JESSICA G: But he's just trying to be nicer and it just
JESSICA G: Like he tries to talk to me and like repulses me like
Gwenevere Abriel: I guess.
JESSICA G: Right, I was like Italy really
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, right. It's at this point, it seems funny doesn't seem genuine, I'm guessing.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. So you said of all the things that there are to talk about today the most pressing is what's going on with. Yeah. What's his first name.
JESSICA G: I'm on
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm on
Gwenevere Abriel: And what's pressing there so
JESSICA G: How was the other night. The other night I got really upset because I got
JESSICA G: We were supposed to take the baby to get a haircut.
JESSICA G: But that was his sorry that was his idea that was him. And so I got ready and then I was, he was like, well, where are we going
JESSICA G: I was like,
JESSICA G: What do you mean, where we going and just just i just like are only taking the baby to go get a haircut is like, Well, I'm not going to go get a haircut.
JESSICA G: Anymore, I'm not going. And I'm like,
JESSICA G: And so we ended up going to the market, they were having a sale for me.
JESSICA G: But they were already closed because we were too late. I kind of took a long time getting ready.
JESSICA G: And then
JESSICA G: I was like, well, let's go walk around. Let's go take the baby to walk around inside at least like you know she stuck in the house all day.
JESSICA G: He just started like treating me talking to me real like he started talking down on me and
JESSICA G: Like
JESSICA G: Saying things under his breath. I don't do anything and
JESSICA G: Stuff like that because he took the baby out of his car shoes and I was like here, put this in. He had him on top of the car.
JESSICA G: And he didn't have a jacket on, and nails or a evening time
JESSICA G: And I kind of like I went in. I told him here. Put this jacket on him. Please Like, I'm to the point where I'm like, Please, just put it on him. It's not about me, you, it's about
JESSICA G: The baby you know he's like well why can't you do it, and this and that. And I'm like, I just didn't even say anything. It was
JESSICA G: Like he's over here time the baby shoes has the baby on top of the car. What am I supposed to do, like, go and meet them and put the jacket on the baby. You know, like, put the jacket on a mirror right there.
JESSICA G: I'm just like he was just talking to me like I was trashed. And I was like,
JESSICA G: That was bad. That was a really bad moment and
So wait,
Gwenevere Abriel: So you felt okay let's stay with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So on one hand, I don't care.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm I gotta stop thinking about asking him to change, but there's still this space where you
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's around being the parent where you're both parenting. At the same time, if you have a request for him to be parenting in some way. There's the overlap. So yes, maybe it'd be nice to have distance, but when it comes to the baby. There's conversation. There's expectation
JESSICA G: Yeah, yeah. And it's, it's still like just as a human being, you know, it hurts to be treated like that and
JESSICA G: Yeah, because the way she was talking to me like he said more stuff under his breath. And he was just being so rude to me and it's like
JESSICA G: It just made me feel like crap because what am I supposed to do, like, I don't
JESSICA G: I don't have anything. I don't have money to buy my son anything about the mall or to buy him a hot a corn dog or anything like you know and I know that in that part in that aspect. I'm kind of depending on him and I feel like he knows that, too. And he just talks to me like crap.
JESSICA G: And I'm just like, I'm not. I'm not. I don't want anything from you if you want to buy your son some fries or whatever, that's on you, but I'm okay. I'm have food at the house.
JESSICA G: That I went in. I got by myself, not having a job.
JESSICA G: But
JESSICA G: He could
JESSICA G: Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: My question is,
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you think that this is an opportunity to
Gwenevere Abriel: Explore how you have been drawn to this type of person how tolerant, you have been and how you're changing your tolerance for unkind.
Gwenevere Abriel: Communication and treatment or is it an opportunity to identify a skill that you might want to have as you continue to navigate this relationship. If you go in either direction or another one. Where do you want to spend the time today.
JESSICA G: I think I'm pretty I'm pretty set on the skills I think I want to explore more why I chose that kind of person because like honestly, even when I was on drug. I never allowed anyone or treat me like that ever and I was
JESSICA G: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so you want to understand why. And that's consistent with a goal that you've said, you want to understand how your childhood has affected you that's that's consistent with some things that you've been saying. So we can go into that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to touch base on the skills. One more time. The only reason why I'm bringing it up is because you notice how earlier you said, I felt really bad.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if you say you were using the skill of what
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, if you're using a skill. Would you really feel that bad, or was that a moment when the baby was on the top of the car that a skill was forgotten and it wasn't used
JESSICA G: Yeah, probably.
JESSICA G: Probably and then throughout our whole trip like to the mall. I was just off born
JESSICA G: I was just defeated at that moment, I felt defeated.
JESSICA G: You know, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is an interesting moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're very acutely present with deficit don't have don't have money don't have
Gwenevere Abriel: Transportation don't have power don't have don't have and you felt defeated.
Gwenevere Abriel: You could turn it around. This is a real skill, Jessica. I'm not saying this will be remembered right away, but I think you're just the gal, to be able to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you register this
Gwenevere Abriel: You can go to. But I'm on
Gwenevere Abriel: What's it like for you to carry this burden for this family for these months for these years to be taking care of us to make sure that we have
Gwenevere Abriel: A CHANCE TO EVEN COME HERE IN THE MALL. What's this been like for you. Hold on. Don't say anything. Just look that in
Gwenevere Abriel: Me. Do it again from on
Gwenevere Abriel: All of a sudden, you know, right now I'm thinking about how
Gwenevere Abriel: I wonder what it's like for you to carry the weight of responsibility of this family.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is it like for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now looking at me, Jessica. Do I look defeated.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, the situation is the same. I'm still dependent the content hasn't changed. I'm still sitting in a car, listening to someone
Gwenevere Abriel: Knives and arrows through words ugliness labels names criticism are coming at me. That hasn't changed.
Gwenevere Abriel: But they're not true. So I've decided to focus on
Gwenevere Abriel: What ramones fear is
Gwenevere Abriel: And it takes a real effort to do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Means I have to have my wall up that barrier that
Gwenevere Abriel: Boundary that doesn't let in anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then, of course, when I protected. Now I can look over the wall of protection and see what's going on with him, so I can peek over
And I can say
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: What's it like for you to have to take care of us a lot of pressure. What's it like for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I'm safe over here now because I've got what he's saying.
Gwenevere Abriel: Isn't affecting me never earlier in the week you're able to do it. You're just like, I don't care what this guy thinks to me anymore. I'm not going to try to change him, but he got to you being stuck and helpless. You got to you got under your skin.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if you remember this now and you say,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not going to listen to what he has to say.
Gwenevere Abriel: He said, ugly things
Gwenevere Abriel: He's saying only things I already take time for self reflection I do it with my therapist. I do it with various people. I don't know that I want this man's opinion of me right now he's not, he's not kind is this to help me grow.
Gwenevere Abriel: So maybe with the ball up and then guess what I feel safe. And now I can use curiosity.
Gwenevere Abriel: Over being I can use that and I say that very specifically as a skill I can choose curiosity. A room on
Gwenevere Abriel: Just now, I'm thinking about how hard is it for you to have all this pressure on you to take care of us. Like right now I don't have any money in my pocket right now and I'm and I'm leaning on you for that do for me. I'm used to working, but what's it like for you to have all this pressure
Gwenevere Abriel: So now let's get real justice. I'm rolling out these ideas.
Gwenevere Abriel: seem ridiculous.
Gwenevere Abriel: Seem like Oh, that'll just piss them off. What do you think what's coming up for you.
No.
JESSICA G: No.
JESSICA G: I mean,
JESSICA G: That's not something I've
JESSICA G: ever asked him before I thanked him for
JESSICA G: My I remember we had that. And I think him, but I've never really asked him what it's like
JESSICA G: I feel like
JESSICA G: I don't know. I guess I just always felt like he's just like,
Gwenevere Abriel: What this is so. JESSICA What i right in front of you is a complex psychological interaction, but I'm skipping all the theory and I'm just modeling it for you. But what's actually going on for you and
Gwenevere Abriel: For mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is quite a departure from the game will call it of
Gwenevere Abriel: He's is if
Gwenevere Abriel: You have to tolerate it, because you are stuck. That's the old game. That's the game that happened in the car on the way to the mall.
Gwenevere Abriel: You played by his rules.
Gwenevere Abriel: You feel defeated that he set that up. You agree to it. I know it was unconscious. But you said, yeah, unless then because you're making money, but you agreed to it. If you can swallow that
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a hard one to swallow it, then you participated in it. Okay, I won't work. I'm working on my recovery. I want to be with my baby but it means I'm going to tolerate your crap.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you and I can agree on that, that this is a game. Those are his rules, but you agreed to him. If you say yourself. I'm gonna change the rule.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not going to believe what he says. Not that criticism stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: The one where he attempts to make me feel small. Wait a minute, that's not true. I'm really intelligent capable industrious loving affectionate ambitious woman. I just happen to be working recovery and not working right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that's doesn't how you define that's not how you define this is temporary. He's always going to be a turn, yo.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to get a job when you want one. But this personality thing it's harder to change.
Gwenevere Abriel: No job. Yes, have job in recovery and a relapse have a baby don't have a baby. Those things change. Those are circumstantial they change.
Gwenevere Abriel: His personality.
Gwenevere Abriel: So here we are, we're at this moment, if you can remember and and probably it's going to help come after you do the breathing. I know you gotta remind that you can do the breathing when you notice someone's being been
Gwenevere Abriel: Breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know, do the belly breathing. Get back to your truth. Get back in your body, not into that emotional distress, not in that perceived threat if this guy keeps talking like this, he might kick me out, he might not take me places you might not give things to my son.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, we're in that perceived threat response that if you do the breathing, you're going to remember more of the cool things. You and I are doing
Gwenevere Abriel: And you'll come up with a way to opt out of his game.
Gwenevere Abriel: You change the rule because look what I just did what I said to him, I said,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not listening to your BS. Basically, it went boiling and it bounced right, it didn't, it didn't sting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, who has the power
Gwenevere Abriel: You do.
Gwenevere Abriel: If he can't hurt you. With ugliness.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you ask him a question about how he's feeling and it's calm. It's quiet. This tone of voice. This one year and now this this sort of low kind gentle way of speaking
Gwenevere Abriel: With you by grounded first before you started talking and, well, how you feel. And we can say the same thing with the next town and it won't work.
Gwenevere Abriel: We've got to get chill in our right, we got to feel centered in our truth that I'm lovable. This is circumstantial, you may be a turd for the rest of your life. I'm not gonna give you credit for how you assess me I don't, you don't have credibility with me right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's that thing when tend to do ask him how he's feeling. What's it like for him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because it's still talking about the same topic. It's about your being dependent on him. Isn't the topic. Still the same where once the first one was I'm defeated. Well, guess what topic is still
Gwenevere Abriel: I ain't got the money you got it. But now I'm turning to curiosity and I turned to him and I say,
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just now striking me that I don't have any cash on hand and I'm kind of dependent on you in it in a big way. What's that like to, to be, you know, responsible for us for all the burden on you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is role play. What might that do for your self esteem if you could remember to breathe and to ask a feeling question though so feeling question. That's a what I call a process question. It's not put the sweater on
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't logistically get to it. This is a process your meeting him on a process level.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I don't mean that right as the sweater is on or on, you know, it might be later on when it's, you know, sweaters been put on or not, he'll survive to survive a few minutes without it you might get the shiver. But Toby. Okay.
JESSICA G: You got sick.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: It'll be okay we'll be okay. We get sick so
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you imagine
Gwenevere Abriel: Catching that feeling of defeated early enough that you could remember to breathe. And remember, I'm okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't credit what he's saying, and how we assess as me and I'm going to use this skill of choosing curiosity over being right. You're not going to argue about being right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're done with that one. For this particular exercise, you're done. Now you're just going to lean in announced the question.
JESSICA G: I think I need my journal
Gwenevere Abriel: This is a hard one to pull off.
Yeah.
JESSICA G: Hold on one second. Okay.
JESSICA G: Baby
JESSICA G: You want to take your medicine here.
JESSICA G: Okay baby.
JESSICA G: What
Gwenevere Abriel: Getting some cuddling.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what we did just now remember that I interrupted you. And I said, let's talk about that skill you said you've already got the skills and what you wanted out of today was to do more insight and understanding and we haven't even gotten to that.
JESSICA G: Well, I kind of regret I came in like regretted that once I said it because I knew that.
JESSICA G: We, it was better to talk about the skills and what I should do I need to be better equipped on how to handle this situation and
Gwenevere Abriel: Because look what you started with. You said, Well, what's going on with me as about, you know, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's it's situational and it's yes it is connected to a vulnerabilities probably brought into your life. Someone that's going to help you heal a wound from earlier but
Gwenevere Abriel: Your day to day life, whether you can cope with it really important, your ability to sort of manage it in a way where you feel it's adaptive
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to have as many skills as possible. So if you're writing anything down for me. I will tell you this is a specific skill of choosing curiosity over being right. And in fact, I'm going to put it in your relapse prevention plan.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have other things in there. I have
Gwenevere Abriel: grounding in the five senses box breathing. I have
Gwenevere Abriel: I feel like
Gwenevere Abriel: My drugs aged my body that was something negative consequences substance use, I'm worthy of respect with something you'd said just for today. I'm letting go of all of this weight I carry on my shoulders. That was something else. You said
Gwenevere Abriel: And I know my brain is healing because I'm actually processing everything starting from my childhood trauma. These are things you've said.
Gwenevere Abriel: This skill right here. This one I choose curiosity over being right will feel foreign and weird because most people spend their time coming up with evidence to win an argument.
Gwenevere Abriel: I already assume you're right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Follow that rely on that you're already right
Gwenevere Abriel: But what will work in this moment with someone who doesn't work with logic, Jessica.
Gwenevere Abriel: Being right won't when
Gwenevere Abriel: He doesn't use logic.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you want to keep using He's cold. You want to go. It's not gonna work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: If sometimes this one will be the right skill. Other times it may not
Gwenevere Abriel: But it could get you through a moment where you don't feel defeated instead you register. Ooh, this is a time with me. I'm already starting to feel sorry for myself. I'm feeling bad about me. My worthiness.
Gwenevere Abriel: On that thermometer just went full sunk way down. Okay, this is it. What do I remember, I remember to breathe.
Gwenevere Abriel: She said to remember. Choose curiosity over being right. Wow, how you do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You ask a. How are you feeling about question of the other could deal with your mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do anyone who wants to talk on a crazy level, it doesn't work from logic, who wants to hurt you. You want to shift the conversation.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what, Ramon, it's interesting that this is happening now is reminding me. I've been thinking about what has it been like for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: All this pressure on you to take care of us financially. I know I've shared my gratitude. But what's it really been like for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now here's what happens to your self esteem. When you talk like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't seem like your self esteem would go up like for someone to actually ask an open ended question watch to hold someone else's feelings.
Gwenevere Abriel: It must mean that I'm okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: To open my interest to someone else will wait. You know what that reinforces
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can actually listen to your shit.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what that reinforces I'm fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: If I can listen to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I must be fine. I have that to give. I'm not operating out of scarcity.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it is going to completely change the rules of the game.
Gwenevere Abriel: The rule that set up the way it is now is you're supposed to get hurt.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you're not hurt you are curious. Well, hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: It just made me think about I'm sitting with no money and and and
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe think about what I was just not. Not that I don't have an ability to jump out of the car and go, go get a corn dog. But what's it like for you to be responsible for us all that pressure and we have changed.
Gwenevere Abriel: The game.
Gwenevere Abriel: Very complicated because if you use the wrong tone. You're a phony. If you're not actually curious, Jessica, this won't work. It will feel like a game and he's skilled at it and may come at you with something else. So if it's genuine and this is why this is really key.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you can find even a point 0000001 interest.
Gwenevere Abriel: In what it's like for him.
JESSICA G: To be taking care of you guys if you can
Gwenevere Abriel: Bless your little one. See if you can find even the tiniest little bit of curiosity inside yourself.
JESSICA G: Medicine someone
Gwenevere Abriel: like sugary sweet.
JESSICA G: Yeah.
JESSICA G: Know, he doesn't drink it. I know he likes to squirt it, so I'm gonna have to go find where he
JESSICA G: Started a
JESSICA G: Clean
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so let's be realistic here. Are you thinking all i won't remember this. Are you thinking, I don't know how to do it or I don't care about it, like, what, what's going on in your head.
JESSICA G: Yeah, like I'm and
JESSICA G: I'm going to give it a try, but I'm gonna have to try really hard because right now I'm like, I don't want to know. I don't want to even give him that, you know, but
JESSICA G: What I'm doing right now is it working.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right. And watch. He's already sending insults the differences, watch. I'm in charge. I'm directing the conversation. I'm not hurt what it says in the moment to your self esteem, self efficacy is I've got this in order for me to ask this question.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've got to be okay. It forces. I'm actually okay
Gwenevere Abriel: You have steer the conversation and then maybe he will go into it's been hard. It's really hard. It's hard to be responsible. Yeah, I was thinking it might be. I'm thinking about getting a job to we've been talking about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are in charge in the conversation.
Gwenevere Abriel: For you, right now it seems like what it's all it'll just feel overwhelming. Is that what you're thinking, what are you thinking
JESSICA G: I don't know, I think.
JESSICA G: I would really have to like
JESSICA G: Put my pride down
JESSICA G: When I do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you found it. That's exactly the moment because pride wants to be right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't it
Gwenevere Abriel: It demands it.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Watch what it looks like. Again,
Gwenevere Abriel: Give me your worst Dominic
Gwenevere Abriel: Give me your worst criticisms.
JESSICA G: How are you even gonna pay
JESSICA G: For the wreck. You don't even have money. How would you even pay all that right, I forgot you can't
JESSICA G: Pay
JESSICA G: You don't do anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's your worst. Come on. He says worse things in that. Let me hear it.
JESSICA G: Why can't you do it your freaking workplace.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah i can i can imagine I would look like that. I was thinking myself about my worth and maybe wonder, what is it like for you. Ramon to to have this burden on you to pay for things
Gwenevere Abriel: The game is who gets hurt the way he has it set up, who gets hurt.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to keep playing by his rules where you get hurt you get hurt you get hurt. Okay. All right. So you have tried also using logic and evidence that you are worthy and does it work. Does he see your worth.
Gwenevere Abriel: So your way, as you said, doesn't work. So if we just change the game all together.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would you say to me if I said that I was thinking about my worthiness to just as we were driving in the parking lot and I was thinking I can't just jump out Ramon, what's it. What's it like for you. How does it feel for you to be responsible for for us.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think, if you were going to respond to me. What do you
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you gonna say, if you remember
JESSICA G: I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right. You don't because it's a different game.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right, because I'm not hurt.
Gwenevere Abriel: To understand if we're if we're right and this is a gas later, which we're playing. We have a theory that maybe that's the case. Do you know they get fueled by any of your emotions, your happy ones, your negative ones, all of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thank you get fueled by either one. So if you just don't have any
Gwenevere Abriel: Then you're opting out of the game.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just decide I'm not going to let it hurt. I'm just
Gwenevere Abriel: I i say i do have value.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of let someone else to find me. This is really inconvenient right now but sure you've already got some a plan in mind on what you're going to do.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to try it. I'm going to come at you and I want you to feel the defeat the insult as it hits to notice where it feels if it's in the chest. For me, it's here the throat. I always feel stress reactions here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe it's in your gut, maybe it's in your shortness of breath shoulders legs back hands sweaty headache.
JESSICA G: Wherever you think it's like right here, like in the bottom. I feel like I get a ball.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my gosh that someone. Well guess what, that's where our larynx and fences, where we breathe. We speak we eat really important place right in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you recognize it as okay this is my signal, this is my signal, this is my signal to what my what brief.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because then those few fractions of a second happen. So you're going to remember the number one brief number to choose curiosity over being right. You're going to care, even if it's a tiny little bit, you're going to ask a question about what I'm going through
Gwenevere Abriel: In a nice sweet tone and a genuine telling you got to find the truth and otherwise you'll be snippy
Gwenevere Abriel: I know it can be a phony because people pick up on that. But the point is, you don't get yourself hurt because now you're not feeling my narcissistic me. Okay, so here we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what, why don't you take care of this. You just go handle it. You haven't seen him sooner. I'm just going to leave you in the mall and you can just work it out. You're so great.
Gwenevere Abriel: Already right
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have to defend it. He's already rude insulting abusive that's already a fact you can change them. Those are already true PLEASE DO, JUMP past that new choose curiosity, what can you ask that you're genuinely interested in. Let's just see what comes up for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I was very nasty.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's using his power over you to leave you in the mall.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not hurt.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can see what's going on. You choose not to go crazy or get hurt.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's just say you're a psychologist and you wanted to deconstruct this man's thoughts. See if you can go there. What if you were the therapist, you were holding the baby and you were curious about
Gwenevere Abriel: I know what this man cares about right now, what of what he's worried about what everybody's afraid of. I wonder what his concerns are. Can you imagine that a psychologist or therapist might wonder what he's thinking might care.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why
JESSICA G: Don't we
JESSICA G: Go ahead. I kind of got some ideas. But I feel like
JESSICA G: They're wrong like I was kind of thinking of asking him like, whoa, like, what's wrong with you like
Gwenevere Abriel: Listen, what's wrong with you, like, oh, that could go wrong with you, you basically said something wrong with you. You know what he's gonna say nothing, you idiot. Like, there's no way that'll work. You're right. That's that that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, it has to have the actual content in it. Notice how every time I ask a question. It has I'm already directing him what to look at. I'm going to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll be me and Ramon told you
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, um, oh yeah, leaving me alone would really be stressful. I'd be, you know, kind of left here with no resources.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that is hard. That's, that's hard for me in this place.
But it also makes me think about how hard it might be for you to have all of this burden on you to, to, to be in charge of where we go and picking up my medicine. Do we have food and paying the rent. What has it been like for you over this last year.
In a you feeling the intensity of it now.
What did you notice
JESSICA G: Sorry, just
JESSICA G: He handed me a syringe and I didn't know. I thought it was empty. And I kind of squirted it at him.
JESSICA G: With water, though he playing with water.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what did you notice in my little role play
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want me to do it again. Are you distracted with the baby or what do you need
JESSICA G: I guess it feels like it's giving him a sense of like validation
Gwenevere Abriel: Guess what, when someone has a narcissistic injury, Jessica, which it sounds like he does. That's exactly what he needs.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if you're not busy trying to preserve your pride. You just need to get home. Am I right, not be stuck with them all. And doesn't that help him.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it gets you home. You're not calling. What's wrong with you is showing that you're actually care.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a different game.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you want to opt out of all the games say f few you abusive MoFo. Call the police and move out. You ready for that game.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Plan, this one.
JESSICA G: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you can. I mean, if you don't mind being a filter for a while or moms or whatever, you know I'm saying, like, you do have lots of other choices. I'm just giving you
Gwenevere Abriel: That psychologically, you don't hurt. Hi.
JESSICA G: Okay.
JESSICA G: Good.
JESSICA G: Very good.
JESSICA G: Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: But in that's your pride right now. That was your pride talking that was, How dare I give him something he's trying to take a little bit, but I have he's going to take. That's his game. I'm telling you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Took his game, sweetheart. You have everything you need, you have actually elected to focus on your recovery and be with your son. I want you to think about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is really inconvenient that he's using that. Right, let's face, but you've bought into it on some level, and you've said, Okay, I will tolerate this nonsense. But I get these benefits.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you can sit with that you can do this part.
JESSICA G: One second. Okay. No problem. No, I'm telling the baby.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
JESSICA G: I'm gonna try it.
JESSICA G: I'm gonna just opt
Gwenevere Abriel: Out you just opt out. I'm not gonna let in the the accusations what he's saying doesn't have credibility. Why do you live virtue.
Gwenevere Abriel: You decide how you feel. You decide. Yeah.
JESSICA G: He's thinking
Thinking thinking, thinking,
JESSICA G: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: We've got a couple minutes before my next client comes in. So I want you to kind of take a look and see what
Gwenevere Abriel: More reversal more review more discussion around pride.
Gwenevere Abriel: Brainstorming worst case scenarios I think about what you need.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, listen.
Gwenevere Abriel: You could decide, you could say, I'm not going to do it this way. That one's talking about. I'm gonna do my way for a while. I'm going to prove
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to prove on right and I'm a good lovable person, you know what, finally, finally, you'll get it, you'll get it. I'll just keep hammering away at it.
He'll get it somebody
JESSICA G: Well, I think. I don't want him to. I don't want, I don't care if he gets it or not anymore at all.
JESSICA G: I just
JESSICA G: It was just feeling stuck, you know, but I don't even don't even know why medical
Gwenevere Abriel: This are horrible things that are being sent to you. Sometimes they're going to get to us, but the quicker you catch it right in here. You feel the type
Gwenevere Abriel: Thing in the throat. You feel it, you go, Okay, what's this thing. I'm going to try. I'm gonna try it opt out. He wants me to hurt. That's where he gets his fuel.
Gwenevere Abriel: Huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wait a minute, I don't have any credit for how this guy assesses man. I don't care what he says about me. I know my own worth and so I breathe.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I say, Ramon, I was thinking on the way over here.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is this year been like you're having to take care of us.
JESSICA G: But I need to make sure I'm like really grounded and
JESSICA G: Have my wall.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right, we got to do the skills for us. That's why I keep saying the breath is going to help you remember the other parts which is I was born lovable. You can picture your protective your nurturing wise figures around you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, what would we, you know, who would say these things maybe embracing that that sort of protective figure that confidence of like who would do the speaking right now. What if some people take on the voice of therapist, you can pretend I'm there.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, What would, what would she say what would she say to this, she would put a little snarky then she'd be like, Okay, this is a game. This isn't life or death. This is just a game. He's been setting the rules. If I keep showing up so distressed. He's thrilled.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if I just
Gwenevere Abriel: My quiet defiance opt out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, kind of hard, not being able to have my own money. Right. I say it. I'm true. Yeah, I know, it kind of sucks. I gotta gotta work on that. It's definitely on my, on my plan. I'm going to get a job, but it's made me think about what this has been like for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have changed the rules and engagement.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or not. I mean, you can do anything. Just stay quiet, don't say a word not lead a virtue right walls up I'm breathing, you're quiet. Maybe you never say a word.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you just inside. You're like, You're a fool you don't hurt me. Sticks and stones. I don't know. That's another version.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you're getting hurt over someone else's assessment of you. You don't even tell you what he thinks. But you're letting it hurt you.
Gwenevere Abriel: That doesn't make any sense.
Yeah.
JESSICA G: Not even
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't matter what he thinks it matters what you think of you. And so there's some part of what he's saying that you actually think is true. That's what concerns me
JESSICA G: That I
JESSICA G: Know I do a good job. And I know I'm a good one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so we're at the top of the hour. Let's schedule. Again, but I also, I'm curious about
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you been kind of playing around with the idea of seeing what resources out there to kind of get back
Gwenevere Abriel: Get back in the
Gwenevere Abriel: Job world training.
JESSICA G: Yeah, and I've been looking around and everything, but my mom.
JESSICA G: I kind of made a plan. She said that if because I told her that I'm going to start working again. She said, okay, but before you start working thing you
JESSICA G: Can you guys come over here for like a week. Oh, and so I was like okay, that, that's fine. That's fine.
JESSICA G: I can go for like a week and then when I get back.
JESSICA G: Get back on it and
JESSICA G: Start working so like the final like
JESSICA G: You know, little vacation before
JESSICA G: I start working. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're okay with that.
JESSICA G: Yeah yeah I'm right. I know what my mom is trying to do, but it's not
Gwenevere Abriel: Wanting to live there or something where she what's her scheme.
JESSICA G: She doesn't want me to go back go back to work, because she doesn't want me to leave the baby.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why would you ask me, where's that coming from
JESSICA G: Know, to leave him like to like leave him in a daycare with a babysitter or something.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, I find that really ironic right that she would say that, like, I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Like, wow.
Gwenevere Abriel: A lot of projection, did she do a fair amount of neglect there.
JESSICA G: Oh, yeah.
JESSICA G: Oh yeah, that's why I'm just like, man, I'm gonna go and make the best of it and
JESSICA G: Out of make sure I come back.
JESSICA G: When I said I'm gonna come back.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you know what's up you can see what's going on.
JESSICA G: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What really so let's get
Gwenevere Abriel: Going I'm 11 O'clock next Monday's that still work for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. That's beautiful. Play with it, see if you like it, tell me how hard it is, tell me some of the work. None of it works. I completely forgot, whatever it is. I'm interested in the whole spectrum. Okay, brief.
Gwenevere Abriel: Probably it'll be body you're gonna feel it. First, you'll breathe. Then you'll remember
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll notice is the body responds before. Okay, it's going to do it long before you're going to get words for things and memories.
Gwenevere Abriel: The body's going to respond. You're going to feel it here instantaneously. As soon as a threat response happens you're going to feel that that not right here and you'll say, okay, what what what's, what is this, I need to breathe.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna remember the phrase what
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you guys remember
Gwenevere Abriel: Choose curiosity over being right.
Yes.
JESSICA G: Choose curiosity over
Gwenevere Abriel: What point 0000000 a piece of curiosity. Do I have. I don't love love love love love love like loving love love him. But for this moment. And it changed the rules of engagement and I'm going to ask a question about how how he's doing around this. I hope he feels
Gwenevere Abriel: He feels
Gwenevere Abriel: The pride, leave it at home in the freezer.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, little mama. I will see you Monday ANA
JESSICA G: Okay, thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think it's connected to group.
JESSICA G: Yeah. Okay. Cool.
All right, bye.
JESSICA G: Okay, bye.